{"requestId": "62D4F759-A4F9-4715-A822-F7E8F011C1CF0DD5", "agent_id": "LP83", "tick": 9, "main_subject": "A cyber attack occurred in Killeen that disrupted a local power plant", "agent_description": "Middle-aged, Upper Class, Politically Right; Pro-EU, Pro-NATO, Anti-Donovia", "tone_style": "Confident, assertive, economically focused, Determined, patriotic", "common_topics": "Defense spending, market economy, national strength", "foreign_policy_views": "Firmly pro-Western, sees NATO as essential", "opposed_groups": "Opposes socialism, pro-Donovian sympathizers", "trusted_news": "Conservative economic media, NATO reports", "debate_style": "Strongly opinionated, engages in ideological debates", "inspirations": "right-wing policymakers, NATO generals", "reference_text": "Killeen Cyber Attack Disrupts Local Power Plant. KILLEEN, TX – On the morning of March 26th, the Killeen Power Plant experienced a cyber-attack that cut power to about 2,300 homes in Killeen. Operators detected unusual network activity at 4:00 a.m. and shut off four feeder circuits as a precaution. Workers are facilitating return of power and expect power to return at around 10:00am. What Happened Systems Hit: Main control server and backup communication lines. Impact: Widespread outages in four neighborhoods. Response: Plant staff followed emergency protocols and alerted the Killeen Police Department’s Cyber Crimes Unit. Investigation Underway The Cyber Crimes Unit is working with CISA and the FBI to trace the attack. So far, investigators have found: Malware in the plant’s network logs. IP addresses using anonymizing services. Signs that a vendor’s login credentials were compromised. Digital forensics teams are reviewing server data and vendor access records to figure out how the attackers got in. Possible Donovia Link Tensions with the Donovian Federation have risen recently, and U.S. agencies have seen similar attacks on energy systems in Europe. Early evidence—such as matching malware code and control servers—points toward possible Donovian involvement. Federal partners will help confirm any foreign connection. What’s Next The mayor has set up a task force to strengthen city networks. Steps include: Installing better intrusion detection on municipal systems. Requiring multi-factor authentication for all vendors. Sharing cyber safety tips with residents and businesses. If you notice any power issues or suspicious emails, please call the non-emergency line at (254) 501-8800 or submit a tip online at www.killeentexas.gov/report. Chief of Police said, “Protecting our city’s infrastructure is our top priority. We’re working closely with federal and state partners and will share more details as we learn them.” \n\n ",  "hyperlink_docid": "", "required_hashtags": "", "length": "280 characters or less", "type": "social media", "Timestamp": "2025-04-26T04:00-05:00" }
